In HP OneView the State-Change Message Bus (SCMB) is an interface that uses
asynchronous messaging to notify subscribers of changes to managed resources,
both logical and physical. For example, you can program applications to receive
notifications when new server hardware is added to the managed environment or
when the health status of physical resources changes—without having to
continuously poll the appliance for status using the REST APIs.

HP OneView resources publish messages to the SCMB when they are created,
updated, or deleted. The message content is sent in JSON (JavaScript Object
Notation) format and includes the resource model. To view the list of HP OneView
resources that publish messages, see the HP OneView REST API Reference.

Two sample scripts are provided to demonstrate connectivity to the HP OneView
SCMB. Both of the example scripts use the external AMQP library. The first
script, scmb.py, receives all SCMB messages in the alerts "resource-category"
and will output all new, active alerts with a critical severity to the console.
The second script, ov_to_sm.py, is an extension of the first script. Once a new
critical alert is received this script will connect to HP Service Manager and
open a new ticket for the critical alert, it then takes the ticket number that
was just created in HP Service Manager and updates the Alert Notes field in HP
OneView with the ticket information.

In order for either of the scripts to register and listen on the SCMB a couple
of thing need to happen first.

#1. The HP OneView appliance needs to generate a Rabbit MQ keypair. This does
not happen by default and must be done ONE TIME for the running HP OneView
appliance. If either of the example scripts is run with the “-g” argument it
will request that the keypair is generated and exit. This only needs to be done
1 time for each OneView appliance.

#2. The script needs to download a copy of the SSL key and certificate. If
either of the example scripts is run with the “-d” option it will download the
required key and certificate. Again, this only needs to be done one time for the
script.

For Example: assuming, you have a brand new OneView appliance invocation would
be similar to this:

# Generate the RabbitMQ keypair on the appliance

  ./scmb.py -a [OneView Appliance IP] -u Administrator -p MyPass -g

# Download the SSL key and certificate

  ./scmb.py -a [OneView Appliance IP] -u Administrator -p MyPass -d

Once those two commands have run one time:

The scmby.py scrip can be invoked by:

  ./scmb.py -a [OneView Appliance IP] -u Administrator -p MyPass

The ov_to_sm.py script can be invoked by:

  ./ov_to_sm.py -a [OneView Appliance IP] -u Administrator -p MyPass -sm [SM IP] -x [SM Password]
